# Scope and Limitations

## Scope and Limitation

The ONETAGUMVISION system is an internet-based, GIS-managed platform designed to enhance the efficiency, transparency, and decision-making processes of the City Government of Tagum in project management of infrastructure projects. It is specifically designed for Project Engineers and Architects of the City Engineering Office to monitor real-time projects and visualize them. Users can interact with maps to monitor the locations and statuses of projects across the city. The system assists Project Engineers to use the system to update project progress, upload reports and photos, and monitor real-time statuses on the GIS map with monitoring and administering project progress, while Head Engineers oversee all projects, analyze spatial data for planning, and make data-driven decisions and have wider access to configure settings, distribute roles, and monitor the general project progress. The Architecture Office tracks budget utilization, aligns designs with timelines, and ensures zoning compliance and assists in budget administration, monitoring project expenses to ensure that they fall in line with the resources allocated. Using map zoning, ONETAGUMVISION employs cutting-edge city planning tools to assist in analyzing land use and verifying zoning compliance. It boasts an auto-monitoring system for resources and reporting, which makes project management far easier. Being online and running on virtually any device, various departments can easily collaborate, irrespective of their location. It is built on Django, so it can pull data up quickly and easily and save files, and it remains linked to the government's current databases without a problem. However, the platform has some limitations in some areas, including its reliance on consistent internet connections, devices, and holes in end-user training. Cyber-attacks can also cause harm, requiring periodic updates. Even though its capabilities are super-efficient, human monitoring is still necessary for effective planning and successful infrastructure construction. The system is customized for Tagum City according to its particular local governance and infrastructure requirements.
